[CRASH]
CODE RED!
I REPEAT, CODE RED!
GO, GO, GO! SECURE
THE PERIMETER!
THE SPECIMEN
CAN'T ESCAPE
NO MATTER WHAT.
[ALARM]
[CHATTERING]
UH-OH.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
STINKING DUEL ACADEMY.
YOU DEMOTE ME,
YOU LAUGH AT ME.
WELL, THAT'S IT.
I'VE HAD IT.
YOU WON'T HAVE ME
TO KICK AROUND ANYMORE.
JADEN! IT'S AWFUL!
CHAZZ IS GONE!
AND THAT'S
AWFUL HOW?
WELL, GEE,
I DON'T KNOW.
BECAUSE HE'S YOUR
BIG DUEL RIVAL?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I NEED
MY COMPETITION!
HEY, YA KNOW, I SAW
CHAZZ PACKING HIS STUFF
LATE LAST NIGHT.
KNOW WHY? 'CAUSE
HE LOST TO THAT RA!
BASTION,
WASN'T IT?
AND THAT SLIFER
SLACKER, TOO!
YEAH, IF YOU CAN'T
BEAT THE KETCHUP
AND MUSTARD TEAM,
GOOD RIDDANCE.
WHAT A BUNCH
OF JERKS!
I'LL TELL YA, IF
THOSE WERE THE ONLY
FRIENDS I HAD,
I'D PROBABLY
RUN AWAY, TOO.
JADEN?
HMM?
WELL, I KNOW CHAZZ
HAS BEEN A PAIN
IN THE PAST,
BUT WHAT IF HE'S IN
SOME TROUBLE AND NEEDS
US TO HELP HIM?
GOOD POINT.
THE RIGHT THING
TO DO WOULD BE
TO GO LOOK FOR HIM.
YEAH, SO WHEN
SHOULD WE GO?
RIGHT NOW, SY.
AFTER ALL, IT'S
ALSO A GREAT EXCUSE
TO SNEAK OUTTA CLASS!
HA HA!
ALL CLEAR!
YOU KNOW,
THIS SCHOOL DOES
HAVE REGULAR DOORS.
OH, HEY, ALEXIS!
Jaden: I BET
YOU'RE WONDERIN' WHAT
WE'RE DOIN' OUT HERE.
WELL, WE WERE JUST,
UH, GETTIN' AN EARLY
START ON OUR HOMEWORK.
Alexis: YEAH, RIGHT.
YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR CHAZZ.
AND WE'RE GOING
TO COME WITH YOU.
REALLY? SINCE WHEN DO
YOU GUYS DITCH CLASS?
CHAZZ IS AN OBELISK BLUE.
AND WE TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN!
Jaden: CHAZZ! CHAZZ!
Sy: COME ON OUT.
Jaden: YEAH, WE'RE
WORRIED ABOUT YOU!
YA SCRUB!
THAT'S IT.
CHAZZ, YOU LITTLE TOAD,
IF THIS IS SOME KIND OF
TRICK, YOU'D BETTER HOPE
THAT WE DON'T FIND YOU!
[ECHOING]
YOU GOT THAT?
Jaden: YEAH, THREATEN HIM.
THAT'LL BRING HIM RUNNIN'.
YA KNOW, I'M SURE
THAT THERE'S A GOOD
REASON CHAZZ RAN OFF.
YEAH! LIKE, MAYBE
HE JUST SNUCK OUT
TO GET ME FLOWERS.
MY CHAZZY'S
SO ROMANTIC!
EW.
CHAZZY?
YOU LIKE CHAZZ?
LAST WEEK,
IT WAS BASTION.
WHO'S NEXT,
LITTLE SYRUS?
WELL, HE
IS CUTE.
WHAT?
LOOK THERE!
SOMETHING'S MOVING!
Jaden: I DON'T SEE
ANYTHING.
Mindy: CHAZZY?
MUST BE.
ALL RIGHT.
GAME'S OVER.
WE FOUND YA.
COME ON OUT!
CHAZZ?
[SCREAMS]
WHOA!
[ALL SCREAM]
NOT CHAZZ.
Sy: NOT HUMAN, EITHER!
WHAT WAS THAT THING?!
[SCREAMS]
Alexis: WHAT NOW?
HE'S GONE.
[GIRL SCREAMS]
JASMINE?
Jasmine: HELP!
Jaden: UP IN THOSE TREES!
[SCREAMING]
IT'S WHAT SHE
ALWAYS WANTED--
SOME GUY TO SWEEP
HER OFF HER FEET.
YEAH, SOME GUY,
NOT SOME MONKEY!
PUT ME DOWN NOW!
OVER THERE.
MOVE!
Sy: WAIT!
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
WHAT IS THAT THING?!
WHO CARES? IT'S GOT JASMINE.
WE'VE GOTTA FOLLOW IT.
I'M TELLING YOU,
I'M NOT YOUR TYPE!
MY FRIENDS ARE WAY CUTER!
I'M HIGH MAINTENANCE!
PLEASE LET ME GO! HUH?
PLEASE DON'T LET ME GO!
DON'T LET ME GO!
DON'T LET ME GO...
AIM THE TRANQ,
McFEE.
AND FIRE
WHEN READY.
HELP! SAVE ME!
SOMEONE GET THIS
MONKEY OFF OF ME!
BLAST! WE CAN'T
TRANQ HIM, OR ELSE
HE'LL DROP THE GIRL!
HEY, THAT MONKEY
HAS A DUEL DISK ON!
Sy: YOU'RE RIGHT!
HELP! SAVE ME!
Jaden: IT'S EITHER
THAT OR A REALLY
FUNNY-LOOKING BANANA.
THAT'S
NO BANANA!
WHAT?
AND THAT'S
NO REGULAR MONKEY.
HIS NAME'S WHEELER!
HE'S A TRAINED DUELIST!
A DUELING MONKEY?
SIR.
HMM? OH, YES. I FORGOT.
TOP SECRET.
Jaden: WAIT. IF HE DUELS,
LET ME DUEL HIM!
DUEL HIM?
CAN'T YOU SEE WE
HAVE A SITUATION HERE?
UH, YEAH. THAT'S WHY
I WANNA DUEL HIM.
JADEN, ARE
YOU FEELING OK?
HE'S NOT SICK.
HE'S JUST GONE CRAZY.
LOOK, I BET IF
I BEAT THIS MONKEY,
HE'LL HAND OVER JASMINE!
I MEAN, IT'S ONLY FAIR!
SO HOW 'BOUT IT, WHEELER?
READY TO GET YOUR GAME ON?
THAT'S RIGHT, BANANA-BREATH!
PUT THE GIRL DOWN AND LET'S
SETTLE THIS LIKE MEN,
OR, UH, HIGHER PRIMATES
OR WHATEVER.
GOTTA HAND IT TO HIM.
THEY ARE COMMUNICATING.
I DON'T GET
HOW THAT MONKEY
UNDERSTANDS HIM.
MAYBE ALL THE TRAINING
HE'S HAD HAS TAUGHT WHEELER
HOW TO SPEAK HUMAN.
OR MAYBE JADEN'S
REALLY A MONKEY.
OK, SO, I WIN,
JASMINE'S FREE.
AND IF YOU LOSE?
IF I LOSE? WOW.
I DIDN'T REALLY THINK OF THAT.
OK. IF WHEELER WINS THE DUEL,
THEN WE LET HIM GO.
WAIT. LET HIM GO?
WELL, WHERE DOES
THAT LEAVE ME?
LOOK, HE'S NOT GONNA
WIN, SO DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT, OK, JASMINE?
WHAT A WEIRD FIRST DATE.
WOW. UH, YOU REALLY
KNOW HOW TO WORK
THAT THING, DON'T YA?
I HOPE THIS WORKS.
ALL RIGHT, WHEELER,
LET'S THROW DOWN!
I HAVE A SHOT!
NO! THIS DUEL
IS JUST THE KIND
OF FIELD TEST
WE'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR.
[CHATTERING]
ALL RIGHT. TIME TO GET
DOWN TO BUSINESS.
MONKEY BUSINESS!
READY OR NOT,
LET'S DUEL!
Computer: DUEL!
WHOA! IT TALKS?
PLEASE. THAT WOULD BE
COMPLETELY UNREALISTIC.
HIS HELMET READS HIS
MIND AND TALKS FOR HIM.
HERE IT GOES!
SWEETNESS!
JUST THE CARD
TO GREASE THIS MONKEY!
GO, ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN!
ALL RIGHT, MONKEY,
YOU SAW MY MOVES.
NOW DO YOURS!
GET IT? "MONKEY SEE,
MONKEY DO"?
YOU MAKE PUNS NOW AND NOT
EVEN GOOD ONES?
Computer:
MY TURN! MY TURN!
DRAW!
BERSERK GORILLA,
ATTACK MODE!
WHAT'S HE, FAMILY?
GUESS NOW WE KNOW
WHO GOT THE GOOD
LOOKS.
Computer: BERSERK GORILLA.
ATTACK,
SPARKMAN!
ATTACK! ATTACK!
[CHATTERING]
[GROWLING]
NOW, ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
FACEDOWN.
MONKEY SEE,
MONKEY DO BETTER!
Computer: I MAKE MONKEY
OUT OF YOU, YOU, YOU!
JADEN'S LOSING
THE DUEL!
YEAH, AND HE'S LOSING
HIS COOL, AS WELL.
BUT THEN HOW COULD YOU NOT?
I MEAN, HE IS GETTING
BEAT BY A MONKEY.
HEY, COME ON,
GIMME A BREAK!
THE DUEL JUST STARTED!
AND IT'S ABOUT
TO HEAT UP!
WATCH THIS!
PERFECT!
I PLAY THE MAGIC
OF POLYMERIZATION!
WITH IT, I FUSE
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX
TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW WITH FLAME WINGMAN'S HELP,
I REALLY WILL LOSE MY COOL!
GO, INFERNAL RAGE!
[GROWLING]
[CHATTERING EXCITEDLY]
AND I'M NOT
DONE YET.
NEXT I'LL USE
FLAME WINGMAN'S
SUPER POWER!
YOU LOSE
LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO WHAT YOUR
DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS WERE!
NOW HOW'S YOUR COOL?
AWESOME. NOW WHEELER
WILL LOSE 2,000 LIFE POINTS!
NICE, JADEN!
YEAH, BUT NOT SO NICE FOR
OUR FURRY LITTLE FRIEND.
I'M THE MAN!
I MEAN, NOT THAT
YOU COULD BE, BUT,
YA KNOW? WHEELER?
HELLO? YOU CALLIN'
IT QUITS ALREADY?
SO IS THAT IT? DOES THAT
MEAN WHEELER'S FINISHED?
OH, PLEASE.
HE JUST MADE ONE
LITTLE MISTAKE,
THAT'S ALL. BUT HE
WON'T MAKE IT AGAIN.
HUH?
BELIEVE ME.
IT'S ALL PART OF HIS
TRAINING.
YOU SEE, BACK AT THE LAB,
IF HE MADE A MISTAKE TWICE,
HE'D BE HARSHLY PUNISHED.
WE POKED AND PRODDED
HIM THAT WAY FOR YEARS.
NO, HE WON'T GIVE UP.
HE'LL JUST GET BETTER.
POKED AND PRODDED?
TOP SECRET?
OH, RIGHT. UH, NEVER MIND.
SO, MONKEY,
YOU CALLIN' IT
QUITS OR WHAT?
Computer: NEVER
SURRENDER! NEVER!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT, YEAH!
ALL RIGHT, THEN!
GAME ON!
I SUMMON ACROBAT MONKEY!
MONKEY!
NEXT, I PLAY MY FACEDOWN--
TRAP! TRAP!
DNA SURGERY, GO!
Jaden: DNA SURGERY?
THAT CHANGES
ALL THE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
TO WHATEVER
TYPE MONSTER
THAT MONKEY CHOOSES!
I CHOOSE BEAST-TYPE,
BEAST-TYPE!
NOW I PLAY
WILD NATURE'S RELEASE!
WILD NATURE'S RELEASE?
THAT SPELL CARD
WILL INCREASE
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE BEAST-TYPE OR
BEAST-WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
BY THE VALUE OF
ITS DEFENSE POINTS.
WOW! THIS MONKEY
IS GETTING BETTER.
WHICH MEANS FOR JADEN,
IT'S GONNA GET WORSE.
Computer: ACROBAT MONKEY!
POWER UP! POWER UP!
[GROWLING]
UH-OH.
NOW, ACROBAT
MONKEY, ATTACK!
SOMERSAULT SMASH!
WAIT A SEC.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
ANYONE?
WHEN WILD NATURE'S RELEASE
IS USED ON A MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER'S DESTROYED
AT THE TURN'S END.
Computer: YOUR TURN!
YOUR TURN!
NICE MOVES, WHEELER,
BUT NO BANANA YET!
NOW HERE GOES. DRAW!
ALL RIGHT!
IT'S TIME TO SHOW
THIS HOSTAGE TAKING HAIRBALL
THAT IT TAKES MORE
THAN JUST OPPOSABLE THUMBS
TO BE A GOOD DUELIST!
I'M GONNA PLAY--HUH?
[CHATTERING]
UH-OH.
MORE MONKEYS!
Mindy: IT'S LIKE
AN ENTIRE
TRIBE OF THEM!
OH, MY.
WAIT A SEC.
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE TRYIN'
TO ESCAPE, ISN'T IT,
TO GET BACK
TO YOUR FAMILY!
MUST WIN! MISS FAMILY!
MISS FAMILY!
[ALL CHATTERING]
LOOK, PAL. I KNOW
YOU WANNA GET BACK
WITH YOUR FAMILY,
BUT I NEED TO GET
BACK JASMINE.
SO UNLESS YOU
LET HER GO,
I GOTTA BEAT YA,
WHICH MEANS I GOTTA
SUMMON THE ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN.
DON'T FORGET!
DNA SURGERY!
CLAYMAN TURNS
INTO A BEAST-TYPE.
[GROWLING]
FINE WITH ME!
THAT'S NOT
GONNA MATTER
WHEN I PLAY THIS!
READ IT AND WEEP!
COURAGEOUS CHARGE!
OH, YEAH! HERE'S
HOW IT GOES DOWN.
I TAKE ONE
OF MY MONSTERS
WITH 1,000 ATTACK
POINTS OR LESS
AND PAY 1,000
LIFE POINTS.
THEN IF MY MONSTER
DEALS DAMAGE
TO YOUR
LIFE POINTS
IN BATTLE,
YOU ALSO TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL TO
HIS DEFENSE POINTS.
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
NOW, ELEMENTAL HERO
CLAYMAN, ATTACK WHEELER
WITH CLAY CLOBBERER!
[CHATTERING]
AND NOW THANKS TO
COURAGEOUS CHARGE,
HIS 2,000
DEFENSE POINTS ARE
DEALT TO YA, TOO!
ALL RIGHT! HE WON!
FAIR'S FAIR.
TIME YOU LET
JASMINE GO.
JASMINE!
[LAUGHTER]
Jasmine: HE REEKED
OF BANANAS!
Mindy: IT'S OK.
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
THANKS FOR
SAVING ME.
BUT...
WHAT'S HAPPENS
TO WHEELER NOW?
HE SHOULDN'T
HAVE SNATCHED ME,
BUT HE STILL
DESERVES BETTER
THAN THOSE
NEEDLE-POKING
SCIENTIST GUYS.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU FLEA-RIDDEN
FAILURE, LET'S GO.
HOLD IT! HE DOESN'T
BELONG WITH YOU.
HE BELONGS OUT HERE
IN NATURE. HE BELONGS
WITH HIS FAMILY.
SO THAT'S WHERE WE'RE
GONNA LEAVE HIM, GOT IT?
THEN HE CAN PICK GRUBS,
EAT BERRIES, AND, YA KNOW,
OTHER MONKEY STUFF.
[CHATTERS]
IT'S ALL RIGHT,
WHEELER.
WE WON'T LET THEM TAKE
YOU BACK TO THE LAB!
'CAUSE IF YA DO, I'LL
CALL THE TV STATIONS!
AND I'LL CALL
THE NEWSPAPERS!
AND IT'S GOOD-BYE,
TOP SECRET!
ENOUGH NONSENSE.
OUT OF THE WAY!
STOP IT!
YOU THINK THAT
YOUR THREATS
SCARE ME?
PLEASE. YOU'RE
JUST SOME KID!
WHO'S GOING
TO BELIEVE YOU?
NOT ONLY WILL
MY LAB WORK CONTINUE,
BUT IT WILL GROW LARGER.
HOW'S THAT?
BECAUSE I'M TAKING
THEM ALL!
YOUR FRIEND WON'T
MISS HIS FAMILY.
THEY'LL ALL BE THERE
IN CAGES WITH HIM.
[GROWLS]
TSK-TSK, PHARAOH.
NAUGHTY KITTY.
Kids: PROFESSOR BANNER!
WHO ARE YOU?
OH, YOU KNOW.
JUST YOUR AVERAGE
TEACHER/DUELIST...
HYAH!
ANIMAL LOVER,
IF YOU GENTLEMEN
CATCH MY DRIFT.
AW, LOOK. IT'S LIKE
A FAMILY REUNION.
Jasmine: IT IS.
HEY, LET'S DUEL
AGAIN SOMETIME!
ME, TOO! THAT WAS
A SUPER FUN MATCH.
Sy: UH, JADEN,
HIS TALKY HELMET
IS GONE, YA KNOW?
Mindy: THAT WAS
A CLOSE ONE.
IF THE PROFESSOR
WOULDN'T HAVE
SHOWN UP,
THEY WOULD
HAVE TAKEN HIM
AWAY FOR SURE!
HOW'D YA FIND
US, PROFESSOR?
LIKE I SAID,
I LOVE ANIMALS.
OF COURSE,
IT WOULD BE HARD NOT TO BE
WITH A CAT WHO CAN TRACK
AS WELL AS PHARAOH.
YEAH, BUT WHY WERE
YOU LOOKING FOR US
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
WELL, CHILDREN,
I WANTED TO TELL YOU
THAT CHAZZ IS OK.
THAT'S GOOD NEWS!
SURE IS!
HEE HEE!
HA HA!
OF COURSE, THERE IS
SOME BAD NEWS, AS WELL.
HERE.
COME WITH ME.
YOU SEE, PHARAOH TRACKED
HIM HERE TO THE DOCKS.
BUT WHEN I ARRIVED, HE
WAS ALREADY LEAVING ON HIS
FAMILY'S PERSONAL YACHT.
YOU HAVEN'T HEARD THE LAST
OF CHAZZ PRINCETON,
DUEL ACADEMY.
NO WAY.
WELL, THAT'S
A SHAME.
YEAH, I GUESS. HE DID
MAKE THINGS INTERESTING.
MY CHAZZY.
WELL, I'M SURE
HE'LL BE BACK
SOMEDAY.
Sy: ME, TOO.
Jaden: AFTER ALL, GOOD
RIVALS ARE HARD TO FIND.
Professor: YES, AND DO YOU
KNOW WHAT IS NOT?
CLASS. AND SINCE YOU
CUT OUT EARLY TODAY,
WE HAVE SOME MAKING UP
TO DO.
SO LET'S GO.
AW!
OH, MAN!
OH!